Don't make policyfiles seem optional (#2776)
chef/chef-web-docs: content/policyfile.md

{{% policyfile_summary %}}

## Why Policyfiles?

> Policyfiles make it easier to test and promote code safely with a simpler interface. Policyfile improves the user eexperience and resolvs real-world problems that some workflows built around Chef Infra must deal with. The following sections discuss in more detail some of the good reasons to use Policyfile, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Policyfiles make it easier to test and promote code safely with a simpler interface. Using a Policyfile improves the user experience and resolves real-world problems that some workflows built around Chef Infra must deal with. The following sections discuss in more detail some of the good reasons to use Policyfile, including:
```

### Code Visibility

> When running Chef Infra without Policyfile, the exact set of cookbooks that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running Chef Infra without a Policyfile, the exact set of cookbooks that
```

There are a few examples like this and it's hard to tell if it's intentional. Is it meant to be used without an article like this?
